Describe the Polar CHart annotations API (#299)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/paddingLeftRight.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Along with [paddingTopBottom](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/paddingTopBottom.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#paddingTopBottom'), generates an empty space around the annotation's text or image; specified in pixels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used with [paddingTopBottom](/api-reference/_hidden/dxChartCommonAnnotationConfig/paddingTopBottom.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/annotations/#paddingTopBottom') to generate an empty space around the annotation's text or image (specified in pixels).
```
